{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 .SFUIText;}{\f3\froman\fcharset0 .SF UI Text;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green204\blue0;\red0\green176\blue80;\red69\green69\blue69;\red209\green144\blue73;\red247\green150\blue70;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Fleshtwister\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 XXBB\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Choose one of the following X times:\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Target creature gets -1/-1 until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Target creature gets +1/+0 until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Remove a counter from target creature.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Exile a creature card from any graveyard.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Create a 1/1 black Thrull token.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Target opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Seraph of Falling Towers - 3RW\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa120\cf1\f0 Creature - Angel\cf0\f1\par
\cf1\f0 Flying, First Strike\cf0\f1\par
\cf1\f0 When Seraph of Falling Towers enters the battlefield, you may return a target land you control to the owner's hand. Then each player sacrifices X lands, where X is the number of cards in your hand minus 2.\cf0\f1\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Essence Drain\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1UB\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Counter target creature spell unless its controller sacrifices a creature.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Draw a card.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Arch of Alliance\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 5\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Artifact\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Arch of Alliance comes into play, choose two creature types.  Whenever a creature of one of those types comes into play, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature that has the other creature type but does not have both types.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flamespurs\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1RR\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment - Aura\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant creature you control.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchanted creature gets +3/+0, haste, first strike, and trample.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice enchanted creature and move Crown of Burning Rage to another creature you control.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Spittlefire\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 3R\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Choose a target player.  Spittlefire deals 1 damage to each creature that player controls.  Creatures damaged by Spittlefire must attack during their controller's next turn, if able.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Rigged Explosives\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment - Curse\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant creature.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When enchanted creature dies, Rigged Explosives deals 3 damage to another target creature.  If the enchanted creature was damaged by another card named Rigged Explosives this turn, or by a creature enchanted by another card named Rigged Explosives, you may have it deal 5 damage to any target instead.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Ivory Ramparts\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Wall\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 0/3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain X life, where X is the numbr of cards in your hand minus 4.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 ~\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Alternate:\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 0/3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenver you gain life, put a +1/+1 counter on Ivory Ramparts.  If Ivory Rampart's toughness is at least 6, it gains indestructible.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Iriel Lirion, Hierophant of the Scales\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1WW\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Planeswalker\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 +2: Reveal the top four cards of your library.  You may put an artifact, enchantment, or planewalker revealed this way in your hand.  Then place the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 -3: Gain 8 life.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 -8: You get a token that says, "At the beginning of each end step, each player with more creatures than you sacrifices creatures until they have no more than you, each player with more lands than you sacrifices lands until they have no more than you, and each player with more cards in hand than you discards cards until they have no more than you."\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Feygold Smithy\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Land\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Add 1.  Spend this mana only to cast artifact or enchantments spells, or to equip equipment.  If this mana is used to pay for a creature aura or an equip cost, put a +1/+1 counter on the enchanted or equipped creature.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Rewrite History\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1U\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Put target non-land, non-creature permanent on top of its owner's library.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Time Slip\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2U\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Exile target non-land permanent.  Its owner draws a card.  Then put the exiled card in its owner's library, third from the top.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Overcharge\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Overcharge deals 4 damage to target player.  That player draws two cards.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Dreamland Sphinx\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1UWG\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 */1+*\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 You may play with any number of cards from your hand revealed.  Dreamland Sphinx has power and equal to the number of lands revealed in your hand this way, and toughness equal to that number plus 1.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Ashgrowth Phoenix\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1RWG\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3/3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Ashgrowth Phoenix dies, exile it with three Regrowth counters on it, and each player sacrifices three lands.  During your upkeep, you may remove a Regrowth counter from Ashgrowth Phoenix and return a target land from your graveyard to the battlefield.  When there are no Regrowth counters on Ashgrowth Phoenix, return it to the battlefield.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Argent Potion\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 XW\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Choose one:\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Target creature gains indestructible until the end of the turn.  If it has at least one counter on it, you may add another counter of any type that is currently on it.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 - Prevent all damage that would be dealt to target planeswalker this turn.  You may add one loyalty counter to that planeswalker. \cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Wall of Hideous Angles\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2BB\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Wall\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 0/4\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Defender\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1B: Every creature gets -1/-1 until the end of the turn.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Vengeant Lancer\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature -  Human Soldier\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/1\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 First Strike\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Vengeant Lancer enters the battlefield, target creature gets +X/+0 until the end of the turn, where X is the number of tapped creatures in the battlefield.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Granary Rats\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1B\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Rats\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 2/1\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 When Granary Rats dies, target opponent returns a land they control to the owner's hand.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Glass Half Full\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3UU\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If target player has fewer than four cards in hand, that player draws until they have four cards.  If target player has more than four cards in hand, that player discards until they have four cards.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Body Check\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2RG\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 As an additional cost for this spell, tap an untapped creature you control.  Counter target spell with converted mana cost less than or equal to that creature's power.  The countered spell deals damage to that creature equal to the spell's converted mana cost.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Regenerative Division\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If target creature you control is placed in a graveyard this turn, create two X/X green ooze tokens, where X is that creature's toughness. (or maybe a copy of it?)\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Polyvore\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Llurgoyf\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 0/1\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Polyvore gets +X/+0, where X is the number of land cards in your graveyard.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Polyvore gets +0/+X, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Uninvent\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2B\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 As an additional cost for this spell, sacrifice an artifact.  Target opponent discards a number of cards equal to that artifact's converted mana cost.  Draw a card.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Mind Maggots\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1B\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Insect\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1/1\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 When Mind Maggots enters the battlefield, you may search your opponent's library and graveyard for up to two cards, then exile them.  Shuffle the opponent's graveyard into their library, then put the exiled cards on top in any order.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Gatewatch Sentinel\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Artifact Wizard\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1/1\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T, put a Gate counter on Gatewatch Sentinel.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T, remove three Gate counters: Search your library for a planeswalker card, reveal it, and put it in your hand.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Reticulated Python\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 2G\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Snake\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 If at least one U was spent to cast Reticulated Python, it has flash.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 If at least one R was spent to cast Reticulated Python, it has haste and it deals 1 damage to target creature an opponent controls when it enters the battlefield.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 If at least one W was spent to cast Reticulated Python, you gain 3 life when it enters the battlefield. \cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 if at least one B was spent to cast Reticulated Python, target opponent discards a card when it enters the battlefield.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  Truffle Hunter\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Boar Shaman\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Tap target untapped land you control.  It does not untap as normal during your next untap phase.  Creature a colorless Treasure artifact tokens with "T: Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color to your mana pool.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Skapgoyf\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 */1+*\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Lurghoyf\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Trample\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Skapgoyf has power equal to the number of differently named land cards in all graveyards, and toughness equal to one plus that number.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Landfall - Skapgoyf gets +2/+1 until the end of the turn.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Thudd // Blunder\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Thudd\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 RR\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Create a Thudd, a 2/2 legendary barbarian token with banding, horsemanship, and provoke.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 //\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Blunder\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\fs22\{\f0 R/P\}\{R/P\}\{R/P\}\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Blunder deals 1 damage to any target.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Storm\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Dredge 3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 "D3 12/19: Something about this card makes me uneasy."\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Haggard Cantor\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1B\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1/3\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Zombie Cleric\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever a zombie token enters the battlefield under you control, you lose 1 life and draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Stormglass\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Spells you cast with X in their cost, cost 1 less per charge counter on Stormglass.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever you cast a spell with X in its cost, add a charge counter to Stormglass.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Delay the Inevitable\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 U\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flash\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Exile target spell.  When Time and Again leaves the battlefield, the owner of any spell exiled with it may cast it without paying its mana cost.  If they do not, place the spell in the owner's graveyard.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 During your upkeep, sacrifice Delay the Inevitable.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Spore Collector\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1G\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Elf\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1/3\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Spore Collector enters the battlefield with a spore counter on it.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 T, remove a spore counter from Spore Collector: Create a 1/1 green saproling creature token.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 T, tap an untapped saproling you control: Add one mana of any color.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 T, return a land you control to the owner's hand: Add a spore counter to Spore Collector.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Kin Selection\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Tap an untapped creature you control.  Another target creature you control gets +X/+X until the end of the turn, where X is the tapped creature's toughness.  Draw a card.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Reenchant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Choose one or both:\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 - Destroy target enchantment.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 - Return target enchantment from your graveyard to your hand.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Deescalate\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Exile target creature with power 4 or greater.  You get a number of E equal to its power.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Doomsay\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 4BB\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Target player reveals their hand.  You choose a nonland card from it.  That player discards that card.  If they do, create a 1/1 black assassin token that has: Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player loses the game.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Stygian Skiff\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Artifact - Vehicle\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever Stygian Skiff attacks or blocks, you may pay X.  When you do, return target creature with converted mana cost X from your graveyard to the battlefield.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Crew 2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Kiroba\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Legendary Creature - Cat Knight\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Double Strike\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Kiroba enters the battlefield, for each creature aura you control, you may put a counter on Kiroba that is a copy of that aura.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When a creature aura enters the battlefield under your control, you may put a counter on Kiroba that is a copy of that aura.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Viashino Sandblazer\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Viashino Scout\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1/1\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Haste\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 You may reveal this card from your opening hand.  If you do, put it into the battlefield.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22  \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Red of Tooth and Claw\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 At the beginning of each player's end step, if no creatures entered the battlefield under that player's control that turn, that player may choose to discard a card or sacrifice a creature.  If they do not, Red of Tooth and Claw deals 3 damage to that player.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Assessor of \cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 W\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Advisor\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1/2\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever any opponent casts a spell, if they did not pay the listed mana cost, you gain 2 life and may draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Keeper of the Peace\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Soldier\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creatures with power 3 or more do not untap as normal during their controller's untap phase.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Skeletal Crew\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 B\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Skeleton\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 When Skeletal Crew attacks or blocks, it gets -1/-1 until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 When Skeletal Crew crews a Vehicle, that Vehicle gets deathtouch until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1B, Sacrifice Skeletal Crew: Target Vehicle gets indestructible until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Tenewa, the Blessed Wind\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1UW\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Legendary Creature - Spirit\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1/3\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Flash\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Convoke\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Each creature that convoked Tenewa, the Blessed Wind gets hexproof and indestructible until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Madding, Maddening\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 B\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment - Aura\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant creature\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchanted creature has +2/-1 and has "Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, that player discards a card at random."\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Devotee of Devotion\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 U/W\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Vedalken Cleric\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1/1\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Put target creature you control on top of your deck.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 "Faith does not come easily to the vedalken, and faith in gods, not at all."\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Namecatcher \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2GW\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Legendary Creature - Spider\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/4\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Spells with the same name as a permanent in play may not be cast.  Decks may ave only one card named Namecatcher.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Miasmic Growth\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1BG\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Prevent all combat damage that would be done by creatures this turn.  All creatures get -1/-1 until the end of the turn.  Put a land from your hand into the battlefield. \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Grand Strategy\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 4RR\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creatures your opponents control block if able. \tab You choose how all creatures block.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Wall of Nightmarish Inscriptions\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1BB\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Wall\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 0/4\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 When Wall of Nightmarish Inscriptions blocks, target attacking player discards a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Goblin Flapknight\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1R\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Goblin\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 2/1\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 If Goblin Flapknight deals combat damage, flip a coin.  If you lose, sacrifice Goblin Flapknight and it deals 1 additional damage.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 "The coveted title of Flapknight is reserved for those skyriders who survive at least one aerial engagement."\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Chromnivore\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Llurgoyf\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Chromnivore has all the colors of all cards in every graveyard.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If it is red, it gets +1/+1 and haste.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If it is green, it gets +1/+1 and trample.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If it is black, it gets +1/+1 and deathtouch\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If it is blue, it gets +1/+1 and flying.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 If it is white, it get +1/+1 and vigilance.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Pureblood Paladin\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 WWW\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Knight\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 3/2\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 First Strike\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 You and Pureblood Paladin have hexproof from multicolored.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Pureblood Paladin deals damage to target multicolored creature equal to its power.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Brightblade Paladin\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 1WW\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Knight\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 First Strike\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Hexproof from black\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Brightblade Paladin gets +2/+1 until the end of the turn if it blocks or is blocked by a black creature.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 At the beginning of combat on your turn, you may choose a target creature an opponent controls.  That creature is black in addition to its other colors until the end of the turn.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 The Maw in the Vortex\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 3GUB\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Nightmare Leviathan\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 6/6\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Trample\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever a creature dealt damage by The Maw in the Vortex this turn would die, exile it instead and draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 During your upkeep, put the twice X cards of your library in your graveyard, where X is The Maw in the Vortex's power.  Then put a +1/+1 counter on The Maw in the Vortex.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Naya's Boon\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 (R/W)G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Target creature you control gets +3/+3 until the end of the turn.  Then another target creature you control with power 5 or greater gets +3/+3 and trample until the end of the turn.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Blood Creche\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2BW\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Legendary Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 During your upkeep, Blood Creche deals 1 damage to target opponent and you gain 1 life.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 At the end of each turn, if you gained 4 or more life this turn, transform Blood Creche.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 //\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Blood Warren\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Legendary Land\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Add B or W.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 BW, T: Target creature gets +2/+2, lifelink, and deathtouch until the end of the turn.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Relentless Flamekin\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Elemental\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Relentless\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Target creature called Relentless Flamekin gets +2/+2 until the end of the turn.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Wildelf Fetish\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 G\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment - Aura\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant creature.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.  When Wildelf Fetish enters the battlefield, draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Tales Untold\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 3U\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Saga\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 I: Scry 1, then draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 II: Scry 2, then draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 III: Scry 4, then draw a card.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Chained Aether\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3WW\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Legendary Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Chained Aether comes into play, put any number of Aether counters on it.   Spells with converted mana cost equal to the number of Aether counters on Chained Aether cannot be cast.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Ivory Lotus\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 4\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Artifact \lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T, Reveal your hand: For each card in your hand, you gain one mana of a color in that card's casting cost.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flamegout Drake\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Drake\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1/4\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1R: Flamegout Drake gets +X/+0 until the end of the turn, where X is the number of cards in target opponent's hand.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Leshrac's Pact\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 5B\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 You cannot lose the game.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever you would gain life, instead put that many cards from the top of your library into your graveyard.  Whenever a card would be put in your graveyard for any other reason, exile it instead.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever you would take damage, instead exile that many cards from your graveyard.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When you would draw a card, instead return a target card from your graveyard to your hand.  If you cannot, exile Leshrac's Pact and you lose the game.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Elemental Stirrings\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Instant\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Put three +1/+1 counters distributed any way you choose on target lands you control.  Until the end of the turn, those lands become 0/0 elemental creatures in addition to being lands.  Draw a card.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Wildelf Wanderer\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 GG\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Elf Barbarian\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Wildelf Wanderer gets +2/+1 and trample if you control a nonbasic land.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Wildelf Fetish\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment - Aura\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant creature\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.  Draw a card.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Shoal Skirmisher\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 UG\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Merfolk Scout\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Shoal Skirmisher enters the battlefield, choose a creature type.  Whenever a Merfolk enters the battlefield under your control, tap a target creature of that ype.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Forked Wand Mage\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 UR\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Wizard\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Forked Wand Mage enters the battlefield, choose up to two target creatures.  If those creatures have abilities that are triggered by them entering the battlefield, Forked Wand Mage gets those abilities as it enters the battlefield.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Death Tax\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 BW\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When Death Tax enters the battlefield, destroy target creature, you gain 1 life, and target opponent loses 1 life.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Whenever a creature dies, you gain 1 life and target opponent loses 1 life.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Woodsmarch\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Your forests become Equipment artifacts with G: Equipped creature gets +1/+1.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Corrupted Artificer\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 B\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Artificcer\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Tap target untapped artifact. When you do, create a 2/2 black zombie token.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Leaden Grasp\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 4UU\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchantment - Aura\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant Creature\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 You control enchanted creature.  It is an artifact creature and gets +1/+1.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Candlewax and Fire\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Choose one:\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 - Add RRR.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 - Destroy target non-basic land, with basic search.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 - Deal 2 damage to any target.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Shrieking Void\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 BBB\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 4/3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Horror\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Look at target player's hand and force them to discard a non-land card from it.  They then do the same to you.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Scum Elemental\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3BB\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 5/3\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Elemental\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Sacrifice a swamp: Prevent up to 2 damage dealt to Scum Elemental.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Sacred Number\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 XWW\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Sorcery\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\cf1\lang9\f0\fs22 Destroy all permanents with converted mana cost X.\cf0\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Rampant Changeling\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 */*\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Changeling\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Trample, Reach.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Each turn, choose a creature type, power and toughness equal to the number of creatures of that type.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Elfkin Treefolk\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 4GG\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 5/6\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flash\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Put a creature from your hand into play with equal or lower converted mana cost.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Debilitate\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1B\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Enchant Creature\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Target creature loses trample, first strike, vigilance, menace, lifelink, deathtouch, and flying.  Its owner discards a card.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Ashfire Hellkite\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 3RR\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 5/5\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Flying\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 ETB destroy target land.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Moonbeam Mage\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Creature - Human Wizard\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T, Discard a card: Reshuffle a non-basic land into its owner's library.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Elvish Master Archer\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1G\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2/2\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 ETB deals 1 damage to each flying creature.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 T: Deal 1 damage to flying creature.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Wall of Earth and Fire\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 2R\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 0/6\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 ETB: Deals 2 damage to target creature.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Colossal Scales\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 1W\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 0/5\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 Wall\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\lang9\f0\fs22 When it blocks, each player sacrifices a permanent of each type.\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\f2\fs34 Cynosure of Elements\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Artifact\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Elemental creatures you control have vigilance and get +1/+1 for each different basic land type you control.\cf3\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Fraying Ends\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Target creature gets -1/-1 until the end of the turn and its controller discards a card.\f3\fs26\par
\cf3\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Gnashing of Teeth\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Up to two different target creatures get +1/-1 until the end of the turn.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Voltage Drop\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Sorcery\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 ~ deals 3 damage to any target.\par
Whenever ~ deals damage to a target, that player or target permanent's controller flips a coin; if they win, ~ deals chooses another target for ~ to deal that much damage minus 1 to.\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Wall of Silvery Light\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature - Wall\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/8\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Defender\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Any creature blocked by ~ gets lifelink until the end of the turn.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf4\f2\fs34 Granger Dryad\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature - Dryad\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3W, T: Return a permanent from your graveyard to your hand if it was placed there this turn.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Blend to Gray\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 RGUBW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Sorcery\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Devoid\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Exile two target non-colorless permanents that do not share a color.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf4\f2\fs34 Mardu Prophet\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 RWB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Legendary Creature - Human Cleric\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Deal 2 damage to target tapped creature.\~ You gain 2 life.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Abzan Prophet\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 GBW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Return target creature to your hand if it was placed in your graveyard this turn.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Temur Prophet\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 RUG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add a +1/+1 token to target creature.\~ Then you may move a +1/+1 token from one target creature to another target creature.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Temur Prophet 2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 RUG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Take control of target creature and it gets haste until the end of the turn.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Sultai Prophet\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 GUB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add GUB.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Jeskai Prophet\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 UWR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Create a 2/2 blue, white, and red flying griffon token.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Potential Energy\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 XRR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Put a volcano token on every mountain tapped to pay this spell\rquote s cost.\~ When a mountain with a volcano is tapped for mana, return it to your hand and add an additional R.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Enhanced Venom\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 BG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchantment\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Every creature you control with deathtouch also has infect.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf4\f2\fs34 Wall of Bulbous Growths\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 ~ comes into play with three morph counters on it.\~ Remove a counter to give one of your cards morph, and a morph cost equal to its casting cost.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Songteacher\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature - Bird Spirit\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1UU, T: Search your library for an instant spell, reveal it, and put it in your hand.\~ Reshuffle ~ into your library.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Allpyre\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Artifact\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When Allpyre is placed in your graveyard, destroy all creatures and you gain 4 life.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Chromavault\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Land\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add 1.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T, Remove a gemstone counter from Chromavault: Add one mana of any color.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1: Chromavault is a 1/2 elemental creature until the end of the turn. When it deals combat damage, put a gemstone counter on it.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Jerque\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Target creature gets double strike and haste until the end of the turn.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Thirsting Specter\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature - Specter\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ is blocked, you lose 1 life and draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ deals combat damage to a player, you gain 1 life and that player discards a card.\f3\fs26\par
\cf5\par
\f2\fs34 Yrie\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 20\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 +0: Sc\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 +2:\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 -10: Counter target spell.\~ Add loyalty counters.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 -25: Create a 6/8 hexproof token with flash.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Bluey McBlueface\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Planeswalker\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flash\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 ~\rquote s abilities may be played as if they have flash, but only during the o\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 +1: Scry 1.\~ Draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 -3: Counter target spell.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 -6: Create a 4/5 hexproof tortoise token .\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Llega\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Legendary Creature - Human Knight\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When Yega enters the battlefield, put all creature auras from your graveyard on it.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Noble Lama\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 WW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\par
Creature - Human Cleric\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 You have hexproof.\par
If you control two or more creatures named Noble Lama, they each have: "At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life."\par
If you control three or more creatures named Noble Lama, they each have: "Creatures can't attack you or a planeswalker you control unless their controller pays 1 for each of those creatures."\par
Tap four untapped Noble Lamas you control: Target player sacrifices a permanent.\cf3\par
\par
\f3\fs26\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Descent Into Madness\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchantment - Saga\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 I: Target opponent discards a card.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 II: Target opponent reveals their hand.  You choose a non-land card from it.  That player discards that card.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 III: Choose a card name. Search target opponent's graveyard, hand, and library for up to four cards with that name and exile them. That player shuffles their library.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Airfield\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Land\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add 1.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3, T: Create a thopter.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Duplicite\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature - Ooze\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Create a token that is a copy of Duplicite.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Banisher\rquote s Circle\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1WW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchantment\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3WW: Choose one you haven\rquote t chosen yet:\par
- Exile target creature you don't control.\par
- Exile target enchantment you don't control.\par
- Exile target artifact you don't control.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When you have chosen all three, exile Banisher\rquote s circle and gain 20 life.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Fury Shaman\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1R\par
Creature - Viashano Shaman\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever an open gains life, you may choose a non-land card from your hand with converted mana cost less than or equal to the amount of life they gained, and cast it without paying its mana cost.\cf3\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Hungry Ghost\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1BW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature -Spirit\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ deals combat damage to a player, choose a target card from that players graveyard and remove it from their\~ (choose 1) library, hand, or graveyard.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Spitfire Kavu\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/2\par
Creature - Kavu\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Reach\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Bluefish\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\par
Creature - Fish\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When Bluefish enters the battlefield, exchange control of it with another target creature.\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Slipstream\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\par
The controller of target spell may choose for it to gain cascade.  Then counter it.\par
\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Clear the Air\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U/W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Blink target permanent.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Magma Undine\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creature - Elemental\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Trample, haste.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add RRR.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 At the beginning of your end step, sacrifice Magma Undine.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Mindscar Reaper\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\par
Creature - Zombie Knight\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Menace\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever an opponent discards a card, put a +1/+1 counter on ~.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Broken on the Wheel\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\par
Enchant Player\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever enchanted player discards a card, put a torture counter on ~.\~ If ~ has 4 or more torture counters on it and the enchanted player has no cards in hand, any time they draw a card, they lose 3 life and sacrifice a permanent.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Fevered Dragon\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying, haste, trample\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Madness 2R\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Orb Weaver\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/4\par
Creature - Spider\par
T: Remove target attacking creature from combat.  Orb Weaver fights it.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Goblin Freeloaders\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 ~ comes into play under control of an opponent of your choice.\~ During their upkeep, they must pay 3 or tap ~.\~ Whenever ~ becomes tapped, it deals 1 damage to its controller (decent idea, needs better implementation.)\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Knighteater\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4RR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T, deals 2 damage to every creature.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Flashling\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flash\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1: +1/-1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1: -1/+1\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Curious Hydra\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ deals damage, you draw a card and put a +1/+1 counter on it.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Imposing Sphinx\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3UW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Name a card, it can\rquote t be played.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Mania, Goddess of Delirium\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Indestructible\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Can\rquote t attack or black unless an opponent has no cards in hand.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2B, T: Target player draws one card, then discards two.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Sprawling Empire\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchantment\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever you play a land that does not share a name with a land you have in play, add a counter.\~ When it has three counters, transform it.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 //\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Viceroy\rquote s Keep\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Legendary Land\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Untap two target lands.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Angel of Humility\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\par
Whenever another creature would deal 1 or more damage, it instead deals only 1 damage.\par
Any amount of damage dealt to another creature is enough to destroy it.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Receding Tide\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchantment\par
~ \f3\fs26 c\f2\fs34 omes into play with 3 tide counters on it.  During your upkeep remove a tide counter.  All creatures get -1/-0 for every tide counter on ~.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Wildelf Flare\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Add G or R for every elf you control.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Catcaller\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T, tap one creature you control each with power 2, 3, and 4: Create a 5/5 cat avatar token with lifelink.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Poison Arrows\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Target creature gets +1/+1, reach, and deathtouch until the end of the turn.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Pierced Fog\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Choose one target creature.\~ Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt by other creatures this turn.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Ritual of Echoing Thunder\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Add RRR.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Jump-start\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Flashy McBounceface\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flash\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Bounce a permanent\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Rat King\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Rats you play cost 1 less.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When a rat you control dies, you may discard a card.\~ When you do, draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Great Wall of Flavor Text\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2W\par
Creature - Wall\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/8\par
Defender\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 ~ can block up to two additional creatures.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Chronosphynx\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 UUWWBB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 If Chronosphynx is countered, draw three cards and gain 3 life.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever you draw a card, gain 1 life and ...\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Undying Hydra\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 XG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flashback: B, exile X creatures from any graveyard.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Temblor\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant Land\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Target land is a mountain. When ~ enters the battlefield, it deals 2 damage to the enchanted land's controller.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Flaming Ballista\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 RRR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/0\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3 +1/+1 counters, remove to deal 1 damage to any target.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Cloak of Forgetfulness\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Aura\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchanted creature gets T: Target player put the top 4 cards of their library in their graveyard.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Slivergarden\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchanted land is 1/1 sliver.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G: Recover from graveyard.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Goblin Medic\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1: Flip coin for indestructible or sacrifice.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Firemind Rogue\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1UR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 If an instant or sorcery was cast, and it\rquote s unblocked, deal 1 damage to any target and draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Chainblade Oni\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1RB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Sacrifice an ogre as a cost.\~ All ogres get +1/+1.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Constrictor Hydra\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 XGG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/0\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 X: ~ gets -X/-X and target creature with converted cost X or less gets tapped and stays tapped...out of color?\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Seize by Force\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Control target creature\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Raid 2 cost.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 (Or gets -1/-1)\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Solipsistic Cyclops\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Can only be blocked by one creature.\~ If blocked or targeted, gains hexproof.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Wall of Crumbling Memories\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When blocks, mill 4.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Frost Drake\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 If deals damage look at top card.\~ Exert to put it on the bottom.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Tenebrous Spirit\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever another spirit enters the battlefield, target opponent loses 1 life or discards a card.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Infested Mammoth\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/3\par
Creature - Zombie Elephant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Trample\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~, target opponent discards 2 cards.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Land Cycle\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Somehow involving manlands or tokens.\~ Is a 1/2 elemental with defender.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Wisp of Fog\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Target creature neither deals nor receives combat damage this turn.\~ Draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Weak Link\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant creature\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Creatures controlled by this creature\rquote s controller get -1/-0 while attacking.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Black Mirror\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 BBB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant Opponent\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever you draw a card, lose 1 life.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When enchanted player draws a card, you may pay B.\~ If you do, draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Legion Angel\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2BW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Lifelink\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Deathtouch\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ attacks, all other attacking creatures get deathtouch and lifelink.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Sapphire Sphinx\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ is the target of a spell or ability, reveal the top card of your library.\~ If the CMC is greater than the cost of the targeting spell or permanent, you may counter it.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Moonshade Merfolk\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U: Unblockable.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 If deals player damage, draw a card then put one on your deck.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Two-Faced Sphinx\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever you would draw a card, instead exile the top two cards of your library, then put one in your hand.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When Two-Faced Sphinx leaves the battlefield, put all remaining cards exiled with it in your hand.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Rekindle Energy\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 XU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant creature or artifact\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Put X untap tokens on target non-land permanent.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Revenant Apprentice\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Zombie Wizard\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2BB: Return from graveyard to play tapped, pay 1 life, draw a card.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Deadly Mantis\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 GGG\par
Creature - Insect\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 7/2\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Knight Vengeant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Protection from a creature type of your choice.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Instant Death\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 All creatures have deathtouch.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Artificer Guardian\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/2\par
Spells and activated abilities targeting enchantments or artifacts you control cost 2 more.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Startling Beast\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 GG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Deals no damage to and cannot block creatures that have counters on them.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Dueling Drake\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\par
Creature - Drake\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 ~ gets +0/+2 if it blocks or is blocked by a creature with flying.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Hypnotic Eddy\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Defender\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 At the beginning of combat, force a creature to attack.\~ When you damage, take control.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Thopter Bombers\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2UR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2 damage divided and 2 thopters.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Hierach\rquote s Tower\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Defender\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1, T: Add two of any colors.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Living Labyrinth\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant Creature With Defender\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, draw a card.\par
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1 and can attack as if it did not have defender.\par
Decks may have any number of cards named Living Labyrinth.\cf3\par
 \f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Gray Golem\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 You may not cast spells that are only one color.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Howling Oni\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Trample\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When it dies, 4 life and 4 cards.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Wasting Away\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\par
Enchant Creature\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, enchanted creature's controller discards a card.\par
Any creature that blocks or is blocked by enchanted creature gets deathtouch and lifelink until the end of the turn.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Extract Energy\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant Creature\par
0: If target creature is untapped, tap it and add one mana of any of its colors.  If it is colorless, add 1 instead.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Dwarvish Smelter\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T, sac land: +1/+1 counter.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Sacrificial Bonfire\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 BR\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Sac a creature, add BBRR and deal 2 damage to any target.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Civic Defense\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever a creature you control blocks, create a 1/1 white soldier token.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Opportunistic Heroism\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchantment\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 At the beginning of each combat, a target creature you control gets lifelink.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1B: Target creature you control gets +1/-1.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Azure Pixie\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U: Change color text.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U: Target spell or permanent changes color.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Great Sky Praerie\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add 1.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Whenever you play a Plains, you may return ~ to your hand.\~ If you do, exile target creature, then return it to the battlefield.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Nostalgic Skyknight\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 WW\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying, First Strike\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Hexproof from black.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 +2/+0 from black spells.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Ancient Skyknight\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying, First Strike\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Hexproof from white.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 +2/+0 from white spells.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Ogre Goon\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When ~ comes into play, forced choice of a card and a treasure or 4 damage.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Scintillating Wall\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R/U R/U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/5\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Kicker 1R/U: Retrieve instant or sorcery\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Keldon Gamble\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Sorcery\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Deal 3 damage to any target.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R: Reveal, then exile a random card from your hand.\~ You may cast it this turn. If you don\rquote t, discard it and deal 2 damage to any target.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Thopter Knight\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 F\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Shutdown\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2 for every artifact you control.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Reconstruct Essence\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 UU\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Counter target creature spell and create a 1/1 colorless Thopter artifact creature token with flying.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Artificer\rquote s Charm\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Choose two:\par
- Return target artifact to the owner's hand.\par
- Return target artifact from your graveyard to your hand.\par
- Look at the top five cards of your library.  You may reveal an artifact from among them and put it in your hand.  Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Silverbind\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant Artifact You Control.\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, exile target creature or enchantment until ~ leaves the battlefield.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Machinations\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 All creatures get -X/-X where X is the number of artifacts in play.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Assembly Required\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 During your upkeep Scry for an artifact.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When out play an artifact, if you have two already in play, transform.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 //\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Mech Factory\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add 2.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3, T: Animate an artifact for a turn and it has hexproof.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Cyclic Engine\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4\par
Artifact\par
2, T: Add a charge token to ~.  Then if it has one charge token, target opponent discards a card.  If it has two charge tokens, draw a card.  If it has three tokens, gain 2 life and remove all charge tokens from ~.\par
\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Ransack\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Destroy target land and your creatures get +1/+0.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Apprentice\rquote s Notebook\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add one of any color but only for instants and sorcerers.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Thopter Skunkworks\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Comes into play with 4 research tokens.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 X, T: X is number of research tokens.\~ Remove a counter and create a Thopter.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Dust of Dreams\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 XXX, T: Add a dream counter and prevent all combat damage.\~ X is number of dream counters.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Rusty Nail\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 X, T: Counter ability from non-land permanent with cost X.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34\~Single-minded Cyclops\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 At the beginning of combat, choose s creature that must block ~.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Disenchanted Paladin\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When enters play, exile target enchantment an opponent controls.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Blacklance Specter\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1BB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Damage player choose an exile card, but when it leaves play they all come back.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Wailing Spirit\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2/1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 No player may cast spells with the same name as cards in their graveyards.\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Face the Wheel\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Sorcery\par
Each player discards their hand, then every other player draws as many cards as they discarded and you draw 2 cards.\cf3\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Burn it Out\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 RB\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Choose non-creature, non-land card from players hand; discard or cast it without any color mana.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Elfball Hydra\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 XGG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/0\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Has +1/+1 counters.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Add one mana of any color for each counter.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Soothe the Mind\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Gain 5 life.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 If someone forces you to discard a card, you may cast this for no mana instead.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Thumbscrews\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4, T: Target creature gets -1/-1 per turn until it dies.\~ ~ stays tapped.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Goyfskin Armor\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Equipment\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Equip 3: Equipped creature gets +X/+X for kinds of cards in your graveyard.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Walk With Death\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 BWG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Any creature you control that dies this turn returns to your hand.\par
\par
\cf2 Dryad Tricker\par
G\par
1/2\par
Creature - Dryad\par
Flash\par
You may tap an untapped green creature instead of paying ~'s casting cost.\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, counter target triggered or activated ability.\f3\fs26\par
\cf3\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Rootswrap\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 2G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant creature\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 +3/+3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Deals player damage destroy artifact or enchantment.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Disbeliever\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1W\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Target creature gets illusion.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Utter Delusion\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 5/6\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Illusion effect\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 All your other creatures have illusion effect\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Dilute Essence\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\par
When target creature spell resolves, the creature enters the battlefield with two -1/-1 counters on it.\cf3\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Glade Warrior\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 WG\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant creature\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Beginning of combat, reveal a card.\~ Gets +X/+X for CMC.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Wrax\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\~\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Deals 2 damage if 1 or fewer cards in hand.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Grave Sifter\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 B\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Exile card from graveyard and get -1/-1.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 T: Move -1/-1 Counter.\rquote\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Updraft Elemental\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 4U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/4\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Flying\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Teferi effect x1.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Useful Illusion\par
U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/1\par
Creature - Illusion\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, choose one:\par
- Tap or untap target permanent\par
- Draw a card, then discard a card.\par
- Exile another target permanent, then return it to play.\par
If ~ becomes the target of a spell or ability, sacrifice it.\cf3\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Assassin\rquote s Dagger\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Equipment\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Equip 3: 2, T: Destroy target tapped creature.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Reweave\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Enchant creature\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1: +1/-1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1: -1/+1\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 When creature dies, bounce it.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Biomorph\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3G\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Ooze\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 3GG: Flash\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1G: Trample, vigilance, first strike, menace, reach, lifelink, hexproof, deathtouch, or haste.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\cf2\f2\fs34 Jerque\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Instant\par
Until the end of the turn, target creature gets +1/+0 and gains two of these abilities of your choice:\par
- Double strike\par
- Trample\par
- Haste\par
- Menace\cf3\par
\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Force Elemental\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1/2\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U: Reveal and discard to counter spell unless 1.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Suspend\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 U\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Suspend 2 target spell.\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Suspend 2 an island instead of paying the cost.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\par
\f2\fs34 Goblin Rampart\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 R\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 0/3\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Goblin Wall\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 Defender\f3\fs26\par
\f2\fs34 1RR, T: Sacrifice to deal toughness to target creature.\f3\fs26\par
\par
\cf0\f0\fs22\par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9 Someguy, Delusionist\par
1UU\par
Planeswalker\par
+1: Creature a 0/2 illusion token.  Sacrifice 3 to counter a spell that targets you.\par
-2: Exile all cards from target opponent's graveyard.  For each legendary card you exile that way, draw a card.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 -6: Sacrifice any number of non-land permanents.  For every permanent you sacrifice this way, put a target non-land permanent on top of the owner's deck and then mill them for four.\par
\lang1033\f1\fs24\par
\f0 Unnatural Disaster\par
2R\par
Instant\par
Choose a creature type, then choose one:\par
~ deals 2 damage to each creature of that type and 1 damage to every other creature.\par
~ deals 1 damage to each creature of that type and 2 damage to every other creature.\par
\par
Dead and Infected\par
3B\par
Sorcery\par
Return target creature from any graveyard to the battlefield under your control with a-1/-1 counter on it.  When it dies, all opponents lose 2 life.\f1\par
\par
\f0 Return from Enlightenment\f1\par
\f0 1W\par
Enchantment\par
When ~ enchants a creature enters the battlefield, exile target creature you control.  Return them to the battlefield at the beginning of your end step, and ~ becomes a creature enchantment enchanting it.  It gains +1/+2 and lifelink.\f1\par
\par
\par
\f0 Eater of Lightning\f1\par
\f0 1R\par
3/1\par
Haste, Ball Lightning\par
1R: If ~ is in your graveyard, exile another random card from your graveyard.  If it\rquote s a sorcery or instant, return ~ to the battlefield.\par
\par
\par
Pride's Joy\par
W\par
Enchant Creature\par
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1, then create a 1/1 cat token with lifelink for every enchanted creature you control.\par
\par
Pridecaller\par
1W\par
1/1\par
Creature - Cat\par
T: Tutor for a creature with CMC equal to or less than the number of Cats you control.\par
\par
\par
}
 