{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning1\f0\fs22\lang9 G\lang1033\par
\lang9 Leonin Bracers\lang1033\par
\lang9 Artifact - Equipment\lang1033\par
\lang9 Equipped creature gets +1/+1 for every aura attached to it.\lang1033\par
\lang9 Whenever equipped creature is put into a graveyard, return all auras  on it to the owner's hand.\lang1033\par
\lang9 Equip 2\lang1033\par
- fits its theme fine.  I think it's weak though.\par
\par
\lang9 Amethyst Scepter\lang1033\par
\lang9 3\lang1033\par
\lang9 Artifact\lang1033\par
\lang9 While ~ is untapped, artifact creatures you control get +1/+1.\lang1033\par
\lang9 T: Return target artifact creature to the owner's hand.\lang1033\par
\lang9 - eh.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Rebuild\lang1033\par
\lang9 2W\lang1033\par
\lang9 Sorcery\lang1033\par
\lang9 Return all creatures with defender from your graveyard to the battlefield.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Xilix Enchanter\lang1033\par
\lang9 RU\lang1033\par
\lang9 Creature - Xilix Wizard\lang1033\par
\lang9 1/1\lang1033\par
\lang9 T: Draw a card.  Play this ability only when you cast an instant or sorcery.\lang1033\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-432\li432\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx432\kerning0\f1\fs24  \tab\kerning1\f0\fs22 how obviously do we want to hammer this theme?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang9 Mother of Glyphs\lang1033\par
\lang9 1W\lang1033\par
\lang9 1/2\lang1033\par
\lang9 Creature - Human Cleric\lang1033\par
\lang9 T, Return a land you control to the owner's hand: Target creature has hexproof from a color the land can produce until the end of the turn.\lang1033\par
\lang9 - So...you wanna play as many colors as possible here.  Actually, probably  Mardu is coverage enough.  This is powerful, for sure.  I guess the thing is, if you take Mother of Runes as the baseline, everything is kinda ridiculous.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Vampiric Axe\lang1033\par
\lang9 4B\lang1033\par
\lang9 Sorcery\lang1033\par
\lang9 ~ deals 3 damage to any target and you gain 3 life.\lang1033\par
\lang9 Jump-start\lang1033\par
\lang9 - Boring but okay.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Remorse\lang1033\par
\lang9 3W\lang1033\par
\lang9 Instant\lang1033\par
\lang9 Untap target attacking creature, remove it from combat, gain control of it, and it gains haste until the end of the turn.\lang1033\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 I like this guy a lot.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang9 Gouge Away\lang1033\par
\lang9 1B\lang1033\par
\lang9 Instant\lang1033\par
\lang9 Destroy target creature if it has a -1/-1 counter on it.  Otherwise put a -1/-1 counter on it.\lang1033\par
\lang9 Jump-Start\lang1033\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 This needs a better way to recur this...maybe something more like Gutterbones or whatever?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang9 Elf of Deep Shade\lang1033\par
\lang9\{G/B\}\lang1033\par
\lang9 1/1\lang1033\par
\lang9 Spells cast and abilities activated from your graveyard cost up to 2 less.\lang1033\par
\lang9 - Serves a particular role.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Questionable Loyalty\lang1033\par
\lang9 1B\lang1033\par
\lang9 Enchantment\lang1033\par
\lang9 Whenever a planewalker controlled by an opponent activates an ability, ~ deals 1 damage to it..\lang1033\par
\lang9 Whenever you play a planewalker, draw a card.\lang1033\par
\lang9 - Eh.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Battledruid\lang1033\par
\lang9 1G\lang1033\par
\lang9 2/2\lang1033\par
\lang9 When ~ attacks, add G that doesn't drain until the end of the turn.\lang1033\par
\par
\par
\lang9 Training Sword\lang1033\par
\lang9 2\lang1033\par
\lang9 Artifact - Equipment\lang1033\par
\lang9 2: Equip, and add a +1/+1 counter if there is not already one there.\lang1033\par
- This probably needs a really high equip cost, and a once per turn restriction.\par
\par
\lang9 Scrap Blade\lang1033\par
\lang9 R\lang1033\par
\lang9 Artifact\lang1033\par
\lang9 When ~ enters the battlefield, destroy target artifact or sacrifice it.\lang1033\par
\lang9 Equipped creature gets +1/+1\lang1033\par
\lang9 Equip 1.\lang1033\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 Bleh.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\lang9 Plague Horror\lang1033\par
\lang9 4BB\lang1033\par
\lang9 5/5\lang1033\par
\lang9 Trample\lang1033\par
\lang9 When ~ dies, destroy all  non-land permanents.\lang1033\par
\lang9 - Is this midrangey?  Aggro?  I dunno.\lang1033\par
\par
\lang9 Rampaging Wolverines\lang1033\par
\lang9 3G\lang1033\par
\lang9 Beast\lang1033\par
\lang9 2/4\lang1033\par
\lang9 Rampage: 1, Menace, Trample\lang1033\par
- Good, I Think.\par
\par
\lang9 Landshark\lang1033\par
\lang9 3R\lang1033\par
\lang9 3/3\lang1033\par
\lang9 Trample\lang1033\par
\lang9 Gets +1/+1 for every creature that has been damage but not killed this turn.\lang1033\par
- This is probably too complex in terms of timing.\par
\par
\lang9 Vortex of Memory\lang1033\par
\lang9 3UU\lang1033\par
\lang9 Sorcery\lang1033\par
\lang9 Target player puts the top X cards of their library in their graveyard, where X is the number of instants and sorceries in your graveyard.\lang1033\par
\lang9 - Boring\lang1033\par
\par
Steam Blast\par
1R\par
Sorcery\par
~ deals 2 damage to any target.\par
When an artifact is placed in your graveyard, you may return ~ to your hand from the graveyard.\par
This is probably abusable.\par
\par
Essence Buffer\par
1U\par
Instant\par
Counter target spell unless its controller pays 2 for each creature you control.\par
- Should we encourage more creatures in midrange?  Probably needs a more interesting way.\par
\par
Banishing Angel\par
3WW\par
4/3\par
Flying\par
When ~ attacks, banish target permanent unless its controller pays 1.\par
- This is basically a tax.\par
\par
Rain of Salt\par
RW\par
Sorcery\par
Target player sacrifices a permanent.\par
Landfall: Return this to your hand.\par
- Essentially a land destruction card.  Probably should cost more.\par
\par
Jeskai Drake\par
RUW\par
2/4\par
Flying\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, you gain 1 life for each sorcery or instant in your graveyard.\par
Whenever you cast a sorcery or instant, you may return ~ to its owner's hand.\par
- I like the \ldblquote cast an instant to return it to your hand.\rdblquote   The sorcery thing only works out well if you've got an ETB, though.\par
Unhex\par
2W\par
Instant\par
Choose one:\par
- Return target permanent from your graveyard to the battlefield if it was placed there from the battlefield during or after your last turn.\par
- Destroy target enchantment.\par
This seems viable.  Not too powerful.  \ldblquote One or both\rdblquote  maybe if you've got a G in there.\par
\par
Restoring Angel\par
4WW\par
4/5\par
Flying, Vigilance\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, you may return a permanent from your graveyard to the battlefield if it was placed there from the battlefield during or since your last turn.\par
- I like this.\par
\par
Dreamflower Pollen\par
1U\par
Sorcery\par
Tap target creature and sleep it.  You gain 3 life.\par
- Out of color.  Maybe make this a \ldblquote primsatic\rdblquote  thing.\par
\par
Ice Maiden\par
1W\par
Creature \endash  Angel\par
2/1\par
Flying\par
S: +0/+1\par
Cute.\par
\par
Miraculous Recovery\par
3WWW\par
Sorcery\par
If your life total is exactly 1, gain 19 life.\par
- The problem is when you can pay life.  Otherwise, this can be really easy to do.  Does anything actually maket his easy though?  Arguel's blood fast I guess.\par
\par
Contractor of the Pit\par
3B\par
4/4\par
As an additional cost to cast ~, discard a card.\par
Whenever you sacrifice a creature, ~ becomes indestructible.\par
Whenever you pay 4 or more life in a turn, tutor.\par
~I get the flavor here.  I dunno how useful it is though.  I guess you do it in an  aggro deck.\par
\par
Spider Magus\par
2G\par
2/*\par
Reach\par
Tough equal to the number of spiders your control.\par
When a spider enters the battlefield, tap target creature.  If it has flying, it doesn't untap as normal.\par
- Eh, makes sense.  IF spiders are a theme, that is.\par
\par
Heightened Tensions\par
B\par
Enchantment\par
Each creature gets +1/-1.\par
- A build-around for sure.\par
\par
Sargasso Serpent\par
4U\par
5/4\par
Islandhome.\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, switch control of two target lands.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 I like this a lot.  But the flavor needs to change.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Plains Elemental\par
1W\par
1/2\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, you gain life equal to the number of tapped lands in the battlefield.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 Fine.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Flocking Algorithm\par
2U\par
Instant\par
You create a 1/1 blue bird token with flying.  Shuffle ~ into the owner's deck.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 This sucks really bad.  Why did I think it was okay?  Is it okay at 1U or U?\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Assassin of Dreams\par
1BB\par
2/1\par
Hexproof\par
3B: Loses hexproof and becomes a hypnotic specter.\par
- Makes sense.  If I'm doing a lot of specter things, I dunno if this is the best one.\par
\par
Lodestone\par
2\par
2, T: Target player puts the top two cards of their graveyard on top of their library.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 Cute.  But probably useless.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Spellcoil Sorcerer\par
1U\par
Creature \endash  Naga Wizard\par
1/3\par
Flash\par
Whenever you cast a permanent with flash, return target creature an opponent controls to the owner's hand.\par
- Wait does this count itself?  If so, it's undercosted.\par
\par
Struggling Whelp\par
2R\par
2/3\par
Flying\par
Echo 2R\par
R: +1/+0\par
When it dies, deal damage equal to its power to target player. \par
- This should be a creature instead, I think.\par
\par
Murmaider\par
1U\par
1/1\par
Unblockable\par
When deals damage, name a Planeswalker card, search their library hand and graveyard and exile it.\par
- Eh.\par
\par
Saltsower\par
3R\par
Instant\par
Destroy target non-basic land.\par
Cipher\par
-Eh.\par
\par
Dovetamer\par
2W\par
1/3\par
Whenever you gain life, create a 1/1 white flying bird token.\par
- There's already a vampire that basically does this.\par
\par
Esper Thingey\par
UBW\par
Sorcery\par
Target player discards a card, loses 1 life, and you draw a card and gain 1 life.\par
- Seems about right, but the cost is weird.\par
\par
Set Back\par
2U\par
Instant\par
Return target permanent to the owner's hand.  If anyone has cast a spell so far this turn, you may put it on top of the owner's deck instead.\par
- You'll always get to do this, but only if you compromise a bit on timing.\par
\par
Waste The Land\par
2RR\par
Sorcery\par
Destroy target land.  Discard a card, then draw a card.\par
- Eh.\par
\par
Some Legendary Armor\par
2\par
Legendary Equipment\par
Comes into play with one charge counter\par
Equip X: Where X is number of charge counters.  Target creature gets +X/+X.\par
When an enchantment enters play, add a charge counter.\par
When an artifact leaves play, add a charge counter.\par
\par
Just Some Illusion\par
3U\par
3/2\par
Unblockable if an opponent controls an enchantment.\par
- Punishers aren't done much any more.\par
\par
Researcher\par
2U\par
Enchant Creature\par
During each player's upkeep, if enchanted creature is untapped, that player draws one card.\par
- This is too good, right?  Undercosted.  Well...mmm...this honestly...is not as good as Curious Obsessions.\par
\par
?\par
4\par
Vehicle\par
Crew 3\par
If any of the crew are:\par
Blue: Flying\par
White: Vigilance\par
Black: Menace\par
Red: First Strike\par
Green: Trample\par
5/5\par
- fun theme.\par
\par
Tide Tables\par
3U\par
Sorcery\par
Return all creatures to their owners' hands unless their converted mana cost is equal to the number of islands you control.\par
- I'm nervous about this.  Works well for blue midrange potentially.\par
\par
Riotous\par
\{R/G\}\par
Target creature spell can't be countered and has riot.\par
\par
Eternity Mage\par
1\{U/W\}\par
Vedalken Wizard\par
2/2\par
ETB: Put face-up card in exile in owner's graveyard.\par
- Not highly useful.  I guess it works well for jump-start and stuff.\par
\par
Dismay\par
2B\par
Sorcery\par
Choose one:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 Reanimate opponent's creature.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Target player discards a card.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 - The dismayed one is the one casting this...I guess why this card?  It's like a box of chocolates.\par
\par
Tribestone\par
5\par
3, T, Sac: Return all creatures of one tribe to your hand.  You have no maximum hand size this turn.\par
- Protects your tribe from wipes.\par
\par
Grand Melee\par
2RG\par
Sorcery\par
Choose up to two target creatures you control.  They each fight a target creature you don't control.\par
- Is there a reason for this to be red?\par
\par
Quietism\par
2G\par
Instant\par
Target player may not play spells next turn.  Play this only during another player's turn.  Draw a card.\par
- Eh.\par
\par
Mislead\par
1B\par
Sorcery\par
Target opponent discards two cards.  Then they draw a card unless you attacked with a creature this turn.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 This is...good for blaggro.  Maybe too good?  I'd be scared of this for sure.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Devilswarm\par
BBRR\par
4/3\par
Creature \endash  Devil\par
Menace\par
Whenever you discard a card, it gets +1/+1.\par
- Eh.\par
\par
Abjuring Spirit\par
2U\par
Flying\par
2/2\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, you may return a target creature with converted mana cost 3 or less to the owner's hand.\par
- I've made too many of these.\par
\par
Cyclopean Triclops\par
3RR\par
5/5\par
Trample\par
If you cast three or more types of spells this turn, ~ gets +2/+2 and haste.\par
Kinda interesting.  I think weaker than monstrosaur.\par
\par
\par
Ennui\par
1U\par
Upkeep: U\par
During each player's upkeep, they may untap only as many permanents as they have cards in hand.\par
- If stasis can be fixed, this is probably how.  Worth a try.\par
\par
Stuttering Phantasm\par
UB\par
2/1\par
Flying\par
Every time a permanent is returned to its owner's hand from the battlefield, that player loses 1 life.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 The colors make sense here.  I think it's weak.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Climb the World Tree\par
2G\par
Enchantment\par
Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may reveal another creature spell from your hand with converted mana cost 1 greater.  That spell costs G for the rest of the turn.\par
- A better way might be \ldblquote reduce cost by 2 for each creature you have cast this turn...or put in play, or whatever.\rdblquote\par
\par
Phantasmal Wards\par
1U\par
Instant\par
Put two 0/1 sleepy illusion tokens into play.\par
- Eh.\par
\par
Deathly Wail\par
4B\par
Sorcery\par
Target creature gets +7/-1 until the end of the turn.\par
- Wins the game under certain narrow circumstances.  But the vast majority of the time, it just lets you 1-for-2 some crappy creature.  The /-1 is really the killer.\par
\par
Crouching Sphinx\par
2UU\par
2/3\par
Flying\par
Morph 1UU: Counter target spell.\par
-Eh.\par
\par
Grim Crawler\par
3B\par
3/3\par
Horror\par
When it dies, exile another creature from your graveyard.  If you do, gain 3 life.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 Okay common.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Firesight\par
R\par
Sorcery\par
Reveal the top card of your library.  If it is a land you may play it.  Otherwise exile it and it deals X to all players, where X is its converted mana cost.\par
- Eh.\par
Wildelf Enchanter\par
GW\par
2/2\par
If you control five or more creatures with enchantments on them, you win the game.\par
- This should be some sort of legend, who enables things.\par
\par
Reaper's Cloak\par
1B\par
Enchant Creature\par
Target creature has T: Draw a card and lose 1 life.  Play this ability only when a creature dies.\par
When ~ is placed in the graveyard from play, draw a card and lose 1 life.\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx720 This seems weak-ish.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Conspiring Phantasm\par
1U\par
2/1\par
When ~ enters the battlefield, exile 1 card from any graveyard and reshuffle 1 card from any graveyard into its owner's library.\par
- Maybe fold that dastardly plan thing into this.\par
\par
Thundering Juggernaut\par
4\par
5/3\par
Attacks if able.\par
Cannot be blocked by creatures with higher toughness than power.\par
- I like this.\par
\par
Stepmom of Runes\par
W\par
1/1\par
T: Prevent one damage and imprint a color.\par
T: Prevent all damage caused by a source of that color this turn.\par
\par
\f2\lang9 Levelling Wind\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 3WR\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Sorcery\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Deal 5 damage to all creatures.  If you have 5 life or less, create 3 1/1 white spirit tokens with lifelink.\par
- This seems reasonable but you could cut it down to 3 damage or 4 and have it feel more red-ish.\f0\lang1033\par
\par
\f2\lang9 Bubble Blast\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 2U\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Counter target non-creature spell.  Then draw a card, then discard a card.\f0\lang1033\par
- Probably worse than negate\par
\par
\f2\lang9 Clockwork Airbeast\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 4\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Vehicle\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 5/5\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Crew: 3\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Flying\par
- I have no idea how to balance these things\f0\lang1033\par
\par
\f2\lang9 Call / Response\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 1R\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Force all creatures to attack.\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 2W\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Aftermath: All blocking creatures get +2/+2.\par
\f0\lang1033 - fail\par
\par
\f2\lang9 Bookmobile\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 3\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 4, T: Draw a card.\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 Crew 2\f0\lang1033\par
\f2\lang9 4/4\f0\lang1033\par
- obviously the name is silly\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa160\sl252\slmult1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Wishing Pool\par
W\par
During your upkeep, gain 1 life if you control another artifact, and 1 life if you control an enchantment.\par
- whatever\par
\par
Someone\rquote s Bestiary \par
G\par
Reveal the top 3 cards of your library.  You may cast any creature spells from among them this turn for up to 1 less than the normal cost.  Put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.\par
-This would probably be really good for Stompy.\par
\par
Punishing Scourge\par
4\par
4, T: Sacrifice ~ to destroy target tapped creature.\par
- This is really weak.\par
\par
Sparkling Phantasm\par
U\par
Illusion\par
1/1\par
Play with the top card of your deck revealed.  If it is an instant or sorcery, ~ gets +1/+1.\par
- I like this.  It's reminiscent of Delver but weaker.\par
\par
Someone Legendary\par
2W\par
2/2\par
Artifacts you control have hexproof.\par
\par
Someone\rquote s Equipment\par
3\par
Eh\'85.feeling uninspired\'85wanted to have equipment specific to a certain creature.\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning0\f3\lang9 Alabaster Idol\par
1W\par
Artifact\par
Whenever you gain life, ~ becomes a 4/4 creature with haste, vigilance, and lifelink until the end of the turn.\par
- Makes sense for control.\par
\par
Infinity Serpent\par
6U\par
Draw a card\par
5/4\par
- limited card.\par
\par
Angel of the Host\par
4WWW\par
4/4\par
When ~ comes into play, exile target creature.  At the beginning of each of your end steps, you may pay X to create a token copy of that creature.\par
- So...helm of the host is not competitive but it's fine.  It's got a body, which is an advantage or disadvantage, but..it's also exiles a thing.\par
\par
Vampire Magus\par
2B\par
2/2\par
Flying\par
Whenever a player would gain life, you gain all but one of that life instead.\par
- Sideboard, or else, to offset downsides.\par
\par
Silver Vanguard\par
2W\par
3/1\par
Whenever ~ becomes blocked, it gets +0/+2 and untap it.\par
- Weak I think\par
\par
Vilewurm\par
4B\par
4/4\par
Sacrifice a creature: All blocking creatures get -1/-1 this turn.\par
- Eh.\par
\par
Spidersilk Bowstring\par
G\par
Flash\par
Enchant Creature\par
Target creature gets +1/+1 and reach.\par
- I like this.  Great in limited.\par
\par
Gasping Spirit\par
B\par
1/1\par
When ~ leaves the battlefield, target creature gets -1/-1.\par
- I mostly just wanted to have some kind of LTB effect.\par
\par
Dementia Torrent\par
B\par
Target opponent discards a card.  For the rest of the turn, every time you cast a black spell, that player discards another card.\par
- A little weird on a black card; this sort of storm thing is normally other colors.  Should this be RB?\par
\par
Phase Sphinx\par
2UU\par
Flying\par
3/4\par
Whenever ~ leaves the battlefield, draw a card.\par
- LTB makes more sense in blue.\par
\par
Forgotten Phantasm\par
U\par
0/3\par
Flying\par
Defender\par
Whenever one or more cards are put into a graveyard from a library, put a +1/+1 counter on ~.  If its power is 3 or more, it has hexproof and flying.\par
- What's interesting is this could be a sideboard card, not just a mill defender.\par
\par
Double Trouble\par
1B\par
Choose one or two cards from target opponent's hand.  They draw a card for every card discarded that way.\par
- This is...a risky card.  It could be devastating, or it could be actively harmful\par
\par
Recurring Changeling\par
G\par
1/1\par
Can always be drawn from the graveyard.\par
- I think this makes sense.  I don't know that I would ever play it in an elf or merfolk deck, in that every elf or merfolk is going to be better.  I don't know if the occasional ability to reduce variance helps enough.  Maybe another baby ability?\par
\par
Hawk Knight\par
2W\par
2/2\par
Flying\par
First Strike\par
Whenever a creature with lesser power enters the battlefield, +1/+1. \par
- This should probably be only on your side.  It's pretty brutal.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\kerning1\f0\lang1033\par
}
 