{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green176\blue80;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 Let's review these as if seeing them for the first time.\par
Fleshtwister:\par
Has too many choices.  Overall power level is low but flexibility is extremely high.  A mana soak.  \par
Flavorful.\par
\par
Seraph of Falling Towers:\par
Extreme variance based on when you play it.  If you play it while ramping, that might be game over.  But if you draw it later on, it barely does anything.  It seems like a problem.\par
\par
Essence Drain:\par
Extreme lack of flexibility and poor cost, but a cantrip.  Basically a value card, for midrange?\par
\par
\cf1 Arch of Alliance:\par
Could allow some really interesting dual tribal decks, but it's overcosted.  Pirates and merfolk.  This has potential, but needs to cost less.\par
\cf0\par
Flamespurs:\par
This is pretty brutal in RDW, possibly even overpowered.  Could probably cost a bit more.\par
\par
Spittlefire:\par
Might finish off the game in limited, or in a big stand-off midrange versus midrange or aggro versus aggro.\par
\par
\cf1 Rigged Explosives\par
Really weak as removal goes, but cheap.  The dream scenario is to blow up your own creature and the enemy creature at once, but the opponent should never let that happen.  Definitely a Johhny card.\par
\cf0\par
Ivory Ramparts:\par
Goes in the theoretical "creature control" deck.  I don't like the alternate version at all, actually - it sort of stacks onto life gain decks and makes them do even better when they already do well, which is sort of unnecessary.  Should this be legendary to prevent turtling?  I actually kind of like this.\par
\par
Iriel Lirion:\par
This is undercosted, I think.  Also your second ability isn't supposed to kill you.\par
\par
Feygold Smithy:\par
Okay I guess.  Really you want the auras and equipment themselves to be exciting.\par
\par
Rewrite History:\par
This hits artifacts, enchantments, and planeswalkers, and honestly hits them kind of hard.  It's a premium card in a mill deck, possibly a four-of.  In another blue deck it's...hard to tell.\par
\par
Time Slip:\par
This is kind of an interesting spin on disperse.  It buys you a *lot* more time.  Probably a bit too powerful.\par
\par
Overcharge:\par
Dangerous in combination with other burn.  You have to hit *fast* with this, but if you do it's killer.  It's basically burn, but more so.\par
\par
Dreamland Sphinx:\par
Leads to some really interesting strategic choices.  I would like to see it with fewer colors, maybe?  Overall power seems kind of low.\par
\par
Ashgrowth Phoenix:\par
Again does it need all these colors?  I'm not really sure what the point of this card is, other than to provide some flavor.  Interestingly, if you have sac lands, you can use it to bring them back instead of the ones your sacrificed.  So yeah, this is actually some pretty brutal land destruction.  What if the other player got to do this too?  It would hit multicolor decks kind of hard if they relied on taplands.\par
\par
Argent Potion:\par
Begs to be used in some kind of combo, with creatures that have special counters.  Are there any of those these days?\par
\par
Wall of Hideous Angles\par
Cool name.  Protection doesn't really exist any more, so you can't do the pestilence deck.  This hits mono-green and mono-blue really, really hard, due to their lack of removal.  Doesn't help much in control because it'll be the only target...unless...you rely on this instead of wipes?  Hmmm.\par
\par
Vengeant Lancer\par
Okay, not very exciting.\par
\par
Granary Rats\par
Also not very exciting.\par
\par
Glass Half Full:\par
Odd to have discard in blue.  This will never get used for that.  Probably ditch the second clause, or make it some kind of red/black wheel version.\par
\par
Body Check\par
This would never get printed, but I like the flavor of it.\par
\par
Regenerative Division\par
I don't like this much.  Maybe make it an aura that creates two copies when it dies?   Might need a power limit or something?\par
\par
Polyvore\par
Dumb\par
\par
Uninvent\par
Seems pretty bad?  Lets say you play a locket.  Then you're basically paying a whole bunch to do a slightly better than normal discard.  Maybe even lower the cost to B?  At that point you basically have a very inflexible, non-random, cantrip mind twist.  Which might be balanced.\par
\par
Mind Maggots\par
So this is actually kind of interesting.  I think two is too many.  If you do it for 1, then the search is by far the main reaosn.\par
\par
Gatewatch Sentinel\par
I think a card very similar to this already exists.\par
\par
Reticulated Python\par
I really do want to see this guy in action!\par
\par
Truffle Hunter\par
Crippling in the early game, I think.  Although of course you can choose when to use it.  Why does it cost so much?  Potentially good for ramping or mega-turns.\par
\par
Skapgoyf\par
Probably not good at all, but Johnny might like it.  It'd be fun to see all kind of different lands get used.  A bit of a build-around.\par
\par
Haggerd Cantor\par
Too powerful in the current set?  Lots of zombies, it sounds like.\par
\par
Stormglass\par
I like the idea of an X cost theme deck.  Definitely a build-around.  So let's say it's pure fireballs.  Turn 1, drop this.  Turn do something else.  Turn 3, 2 damage fireball.  Turn four, 4 damage fireball.  Hmmm...this actually gets pretty monstrous if you have lots of them, but most formats don't.  Oh, and if you have multiple stormglasses.   I dunno, fun to build around.\par
\par
Delay the Inevitable\par
Could probably be just an instant.  It's not like they're going to forget to recast it.  It's a hard counter to X casting cost spells and other counterspells, kinda weak for anything else.  Probably balanced?  Seems like a tempo card, to get at least one more swing with Curious George.  Oh, the other thing it's really good for is countering combat tricks.  So I think it's best thought of as "hard counter to combat tricks, X cost, and counterspells", weak delay for anything else.  I think U is correct.\par
\par
Spore Collector\par
Saprolings and ramp.  Useful in decks that need...saprolings and ramp.  Which is probably not very many decks.\par
\par
Kin Selection\par
A new special from the department of obvious combat tricks.  Now, is this to strong for a cantrip?  If I want to abuse this, I use vigilance creatures.  Tap my attacking vigilant baloth to give something +5/+5.  Maybe we should let it copy trample, first strike, et cetera and remove the cantrip?  Probably too strong.\par
\par
Reenchant\par
Potentially a two-for-one, but usually not.  Sometimes dead.  Maybe increase cost, because you don't need it in the early game anyway.\par
\par
Stygian Skiff\par
Kind of a filler vehicle, should be black.\par
\par
Kiroba\par
Sound like a nightmare to adjudicate.  Extremely powerful in an aura deck, but you deserve it if you can pull of an aura deck.\par
\par
Viashino Sandblazer\par
This is kind of a huge deal, but I can't decide whether it's strong or not.\par
\par
Red of Tooth and Claw\par
I'm not quite sure what the point of this card is.  I guess maybe you play it in a deck that creates tokens regularly or floods the board?\par
\par
Assessor\par
I like this guy, once I figure out his wording.  It should probably be "if they paid less than the listed cost."  Although, that's a really hard counter to Izzet Phoenix.  Maybe limit it to once per turn?  I dunno.  Arguably this card solve a problem that doesn't exist...which I guess is the point?  Leonin Arbiter is like that too.\par
\par
Keeper of the Peace\par
Doesn't really solve your problem, if you're an aggro deck facing down midrange.\par
\par
Skeletal Crew\par
Kind cool idea, very top-down.\par
\par
Tenewa\par
Probably way too powerful, actually.  Can use it to totally dodge your own Kaya's Wrath, for free.  Yeah I think this is way too strong.\par
\par
Madding, Maddening\par
Stupid name.  I like the card though.  Pretty much anything that enables blaggro is a go for me right now.\par
\par
Devotee of Devotion\par
This could be pretty ruinous against decks that don't pack a lot of removal.  Won't save you from aggro though.  But if you're tempo fighting midrange, this might be pretty good.  I'm more worried that it's too powerful than too weak.\par
\par
Namecatcher\par
Totally unique.  I like it.\par
\par
Miasmic Growth\par
Probably doesn't need the last thing.\par
\par
Grand Strategy\par
Impractical but fun.\par
\par
Wall of Nightmarish Inscriptions\par
Really harsh against aggro.  But costly.  Maybe drop the size and the cost?  Maybe it's fine.  Shouldn't be BB though.\par
\par
Goblin Flapknight\par
Top-down, fun.  Probably too powerful for its place in the color pie.  Could be rare, I guess?\par
\par
Chromnivore\par
This gets weird in that they usually don't print cards that depend so much on your opponent anymore.  Probably shouldn't be aggresively priced.\par
\par
Pureblood Paladin\par
Probably doesn't need the last ability.  That's a *very* special casting cost, and I think it might be better at 1WW.\par
\par
Brightblade Paladin\par
Phoned this one in.\par
\par
The Maw in the Vortex\par
Again, too many colors.  Probably should be even bigger and costlier.  Definite Timmy card.\par
\par
Naya's Boon\par
Phoned in.\par
\par
Blood Creche / Blood Warren\par
I love the flavor here.  It's a bit impractical though.  Midrangey, I guess.  A lot of the creatures in the deck in question would already have those abilities, though, I guess that's the real issue.\par
\par
Relentless Flamekin\par
Honestly I think this works better as a green ooze, hopefully with something more like true banding.  Maybe they can redistribute damage however they like?\par
\par
Wildelf Fetish\par
I think this card is necessary, albeit possibly undercosted.\par
\par
Tales Untold\par
I like the effect but it might be too vanilla for a Saga.  So...The Eldest Reborn is generally a 3-for-1, in theory, in practice maybe more often an effective 2-for-1.  So I'd say this is too powerful.  Maybe at 5U?  The main problem is, control doesn't want to tap out to cast this.  Maybe make it untap lands as well?\par
\par
Chained Aether\par
Make this 4WW and it may be okay.  5WW, for sure.\par
\par
Ivory Lotus\par
This is way too powerful, although I like the theme.  How does that reusable lotus work again?  This is going to be for very specialized decks doing terrible things, like Thousand Year sTorm.\par
\par
Flamegout Drake\par
This punishes the mana-screwed, which isn't very fun.\par
\par
Leshrac's Pact\par
I think something like this already exists, though not exactly the same\par
\par
Elemental Stirrings\par
This I like!  Especially how it builds on itself.  I think the problem is, does it either go in all or no green decks?\par
\par
Wildelf Wander\par
Creates some interesting choices for Stompy.\par
\par
Skoal Skirmisher\par
Filler fish.\par
\par
Forked Wand Mage.\par
Makes wizard decks potentially absurd.  Maybe make it so it can't target other copies of itself?  Make it legendary and only target non-legendary?\par
\par
Death Tax\par
Eh.\par
\par
Woodsmarch\par
I kinda wanna see what this is like.\par
\par
Corrupted Artificer\par
For an artifact set.\par
\par
Leaden Grasp\par
For an artifact set.\par
\par
\par
Candlewax and Fire\par
Potentially too good, but I'd like to see rituals work.\par
\par
\par
Shrieking Void\par
Kind of Clever.  Pure blaggro.  Probably as strong as the other build-around monos.\par
\par
Scum Elemental\par
Eh?\par
\par
Sacred Number\par
Definitely weird, probably very powerful.  Situationally an absolute game-ender.\par
\par
Rampant Changeling\par
Punish tribal decks in a weird way.  And token decks.  Could cost a bit more?  Wold I play this in a merfolk deck?  Actually I think I would consider it.\par
\par
\par
Elfkin Treefolk\par
I like giving things flash.  This is probably fine.\par
\par
Debilitate\par
Kind of flavorful but not powerful.\par
\par
Ashfire Hellkite\par
Filler, maybe land destruction deck.\par
\par
Moonbeam Mage\par
Excessively powerful land removal...hits non-basics really hard, potentially.   More of an issue in the early game, where lands are scarce and cards plentiful.\par
\par
Elvish Master Archer\par
Filer kinda.\par
\par
Wall of Earth and Fire\par
Filler\par
\par
Colossal Scales\par
Flavorfull but also kinda weird.\par
\par
Cynosure of Elements\par
I actually like this a lot.  Maybe drop vigiliance.  Supports three color elemental, maybe even more colors if you like suffering.\par
\par
Fraying Ends\par
I like this.  It's kinda bad though I think.  Good for combat tricks though.\par
\par
Gnashing of Teeth\par
I like this too.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 